== Markdown

Malt supports Markdown via either the RDiscount, BlueCloth or Kramdown backends.

Lets say we have a Markdown document called 'test.md' containing ...

  # Example

  This is an example of Markdown rendering.

Markdown documents are recognized by the +.markdown+ or +.md+ file extensions.

  html = Malt.render(:file=>'test.md')

  html.assert.include?('<h1>Example</h1>')

By default teh RDiscount library is used to render markdown documents, but
Malt supports BlueCloth and Kramdown as well. These case be used by setting
the :engine option.

  html = Malt.render(:file=>'test.md', :engine=>:bluecloth)

And as we can see the document rendered as expected.

  html.assert.include?('<h1>Example</h1>')

And using the Kramdown library,

  html = Malt.render(:file=>'test.md', :engine=>:kramdown)

We can see the document rendered as well, though notice that Kramdown provides
some bonus features compared to the other rendering engines.

  html.assert.include?('<h1 id="example">Example</h1>')

Malt supports Markdown via either the RDiscount, BlueCloth or Kramdown backends.

Lets say we have an Markdown document called 'test.md' containing ...

  # Example

  This is an example of Markdown rendering.

We can access the file via the +Malt.file+ method. Markdown documents are
recognized by the +.markdown+ or +.md+ file extensions.

  mark = Malt.file('test.md')

We can the convert the document to a Malt Html object via the #to_html method.

  html = mark.to_html

Notice that the output is an instance of Malt::Format::HTML.

  html.class.assert == Malt::Format::HTML

And that by calling #to_s we can get the rendered HTML document.

  html.to_s.assert.include?('<h1>Example</h1>')

Or we can convert the document directly to HTML via the #html method.

  out = mark.html

  out.assert.include?('<h1>Example</h1>')

