== Liquid

Lets say we have a Liquid document called 'test.liquid' containing:

  <h1>Example {{ title }}</h1>

  <p>This is an example of a Liquid template.</p>

We can render liquid documents via the +render+ method, as we can any format.
However, becuase Liquid is a template format and not just a markup syntax,
we need to also provide the +render+ function with data for interpolation
into the liquid document. 

  data = { :title=>"Document" }

  html = Malt.render(:file=>'tmp/test.liquid', :data=>data)

  html.assert.include?('<h1>Example Document</h1>')

Liquid doesn't actually care what format the document is rendered as, since it
is purely a template engine that can be applied to any other format.
Lets say we have a Liquid document called 'test.liquid' containing ...

  <h1>Example {{ title }}</h1>

  <p>This is an example of a Liquid template.</p>

We can render erb documents to any format we wish.

  liq = Malt.file('tmp/test.liquid')

  html = liq.to_html(:title=>"Document")

We will notice that the output is an instance of Malt::Formats::HTML.

  html.class.assert == Malt::Formats::HTML

We will notice that the output is an instance of Malt::Formats::HTML.

  html.class.assert == Malt::Formats::HTML

Then by calling #to_s we can get the rendered HTML document.

  html.to_s.assert.include?('<h1>Example Document</h1>')

Or we can convert the document directly to HTML via the #html method.

  out = liq.html(:title=>"Alternate")

  out.assert.include?('<h1>Example Alternate</h1>')

Liquid doesn't actually care what format the document is rendered as, since it
is purely a template engine that can be applied to any format.

