== Erubis

By default the common ERB library is used to render .erb documents. By setting
the :engine option, Erubis can be used instead.

Lets say we have a ERB document called 'test.erb' containing ...

  <h1>Example <%= title %></h1>

  <p>This is an example of ERB template.</p>

And data to supply the template.

  data = { :title=>"Document" }


=== Engine

  Malt::Engine::Erubis.new(:text=>'<h1><%= title %></h1>')


=== Format

  erb = Malt::Format::Erb.new(:text=>'<h1><%= title %></h1>')


=== Malt.file

We can get an Erb instance via the Malt.file method.

  erb = Malt.file('test.erb')

  erb.assert.is_a?(Malt::Format::Erb)

Then we can convert it to HTML using Erubis.

  html = erb.to_html(:title=>"Document", :engine=>:erubis)

We will notice that the output is an instance of Malt::Format::HTML.

  html.class.assert == Malt::Format::HTML

And that by calling #to_s we can get the rendered HTML document.

  html.to_s.assert.include?('<h1>Example Document</h1>')

Or we can convert the document directly to HTML via the #html method.

  out = erb.html(:title=>"Alternate")

  out.assert.include?('<h1>Example Alternate</h1>')


=== Malt.text

When using `Malt.text` without supplying a `:file` setting, then we must supply
the `:type`.

  erb = Malt.text('<h1><%= title %></h1>', :type=>:erb)

  erb.assert.is_a?(Malt::Format::Erb)


=== Malt.render

We can render via Erubis using the `Malt.render` method. Malt will
automatically recognize the format and the engine to use by the file
extensions.

  html = Malt.render(:file=>'test.erb', :data=>data)

And as we can see the document rendered as expected.

  html.assert.include?('<h1>Example Document</h1>')

If the file extension were otherwise we could explicitly select the
the Erubis engine.

Lets say we have a ERB document called 'test.erb' containing:

  <h1>Example <%= title %></h1>
  <p>This is an example of ERB template.</p>

Then by specifying the :engine Erubis will be used instead of the default ERB.

  html = Malt.render(:file=>'test.erb', :data=>data, :engine=>:erubis)

  html.assert.include?('<h1>Example Document</h1>')

==== with yield

Lets say we have an ERB document called 'test.erb' containing:

  Hello <%= yield %>!

Then

  data = { :title=>"Document" }

  text = Malt.render(:file=>'test.erb',:engine=>:erubis){ 'world' }

Then

  text.strip  #=> "Hello world!"


